Support __en/__out signals on top level inout ports (#4812) (#4856)
verilator/verilator: docs/guide/exe_verilator.rst

   :option:`/*verilator&32;sc_bv*/` metacomment to select specific ports to
   be sc_bv.

.. option:: --pins-inout-enables

>    Specifies that the __en and __out outputs will always be created for
>    inouts in the top-level module. These variables indicate that an
>    inout is being driven from within the verilated model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Specifies that the __en and __out outputs will always be created for
   inouts in the top-level module. The __en variable has a one in a bit
   position to indicate the corresponding bit of the __out variable has
   a value being driven from within the Verilated model.
```
